Document contact timeline date grouping (#711)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/contacts/manage_contacts.rst

History
=======

> Event history tracks any engagements between Mautic and a Contact. Mautic groups events by day so you can scan activity quickly. Group headers display "Today", "Yesterday", or a formatted date, while individual events show only the time.

Author: Added date grouping documentation based on PR #15329 which implements day grouping in the contact timeline using `dateToTextShort` Twig function and modified `_list.html.twig` template.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/15329

> Event history tracks any engagements between Mautic and a Contact. Mautic groups events by day so you can scan activity quickly. Group headers display "Today", "Yesterday", or a formatted date, while individual events show only the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event history tracks any engagements between Mautic and a Contact. Mautic groups events by day so you can scan activity quickly. Group headers display 'Today', 'Yesterday', or a formatted date, while individual events show only the time.
```
